.\" Manpage for weld.
.\" Contact lukas@krickl.dev to correct errors or typos.

.TH man 1 "29 October 2023" "0.0.1" "weld manual"

.SH NAME
  weld
.SH SYNOPSIS
  weld [-hvVpdcfes] [-m=<mode>] [-i=<file>] [-o=<file>] [commands...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
  A simple symbolic link manager.

    -h	display this help and exit
    -V	display version info and exit
    -v	verbose output
    -p	create directories for destination if they are missing
    -d	perform a dry run (print actions but do not act)
    -c	confirm before each action is taken
    -f	force creation even if the destination path already exists
    -e	perform shell word expansion on input strings
    -s	skip errors and process next command
    -i	specify input file
    -o	specify output file
    -m	specify file mode (e.g. 755)
  
  Weld shall read commands from stdin if stdin is not a tty 
  or from the command line arguments.
  Commands are currently one of the following:

.B symlink
    Create symbolic link.
    Syntax: s:<src>:<target>
    The symlink command shall create a new symbolic link if the target file 
    does not exist. If -f is set, the command shall delete the existing target file (if present)
    and shall replace it with a new file. If target is a directory and -f is set the command shall fail.
    Example: s:/tmp:/tmp-link
 
.B comments
    Lines starting with a '#' as the first non-whitespace character 
    are ignored and may be used for documentation purposes.

.SH EXAMPLES
  
.B Run a dry run
    weld -d "s:/tmp:/tmp-link"

.B Run and create links
    weld "s:/tmp:/tmp-link"

.SH SEE ALSO

.SH BUGS

.SH AUTHOR
  Lukas Krickl (lukas@krickl.dev)

.SH COPYRIGHT
  Copyright 2023 Lukas Krickl (lukas@krickl.dev)
